README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Pratyush Bhaskar</h1>
<h3 align="center">B.Tech CSE | Full-Stack Developer | Machine Learning Enthusiast</h3>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=TechBhaskar05&color=green" alt="pratyush-bhaskar" />
</p>

- 🔭 I’m currently working on **Alchemist’s Grand Grimoire** and **Assignify**
- 🌱 Exploring **Machine Learning** and **AI Integration**
- ⚡ Fun fact: I enjoy **problem-solving**, **AI-driven development**, and **clean code architecture**
- 📫 Reach me at: **pratyush.bhaskar08@gmail.com**

---

### 📌 Achievements:

- 🔹 Codeforces: **Rating 950**  
- 🔹 Top 10 at **DevJam 2025** with **Assignify** – a task management platform for students  

---

<h3 align="left">🛠️ Programming Languages:</h3>
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-007396?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white"/>
</p>

<h3 align="left">🔧 Frameworks & Libraries:</h3>
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=black"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TailwindCSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/DaisyUI-FF69B4?style=for-the-badge&logo=daisyui&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/shadcn/ui-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=radix-ui&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Framer_Motion-0055FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=framer&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Zustand-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=zustand&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Socket.io-010101?style=for-the-badge&logo=socket.io&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloudinary-3448C5?style=for-the-badge&logo=cloudinary&logoColor=white"/>
</p>

<h3 align="left">🧰 Tools:</h3>
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/VSCode-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white"/>
</p>

---

### 💻 Projects:

#### 🌊 **Assignify** – Task Management Platform (DevJam 2025)
A platform to help students manage assignments, deadlines, and collaboration.

**Features:**
- Task management, file uploads, and interactive calendar
- JWT authentication, real-time chat via Socket.io, and collaboration tools
- Styled with TailwindCSS, DaisyUI, and Framer Motion

**Tech Stack:**  
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=black) ![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-06B6D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=white) ![DaisyUI](https://img.shields.io/badge/DaisyUI-FF69B4?style=for-the-badge&logo=daisyui&logoColor=white) ![Framer Motion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framer_Motion-0055FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=framer&logoColor=white)

---

#### 🔗 **NexChat** – Real-Time Chat Application
A secure one-on-one messaging app with authentication, online status, and theme support.

**Features:**
- JWT authentication, bcrypt-based password hashing, and protected routes
- Integrated Socket.io for instant messaging with online-status tracking
- Responsive UI with React, TailwindCSS, DaisyUI, and theme support

**Tech Stack:**  
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=black) ![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![Socket.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/Socket.io-010101?style=for-the-badge&logo=socket.io&logoColor=white) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-06B6D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=white) ![DaisyUI](https://img.shields.io/badge/DaisyUI-FF69B4?style=for-the-badge&logo=daisyui&logoColor=white)

---

#### 🧪 **Alchemist’s Grand Grimoire** – Wellness & Medication Management Platform
A secure, intelligent wellness app that ensures medication adherence with smart reminders and AI-driven health tracking.

**Features:**
- Dynamic scheduling, medication tracking, and flexible reminder notifications via Browser Push and Email
- Integrated secure 2FA authentication with Email OTP, JWT, and robust account deletion flow
- Built AI Chatbot Health Assistant using Gemini AI for contextual dose and schedule queries
- Implemented Google Calendar sync, adherence visualization dashboard, and timezone-accurate scheduling

**Tech Stack:**  
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=black) ![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![Zustand](https://img.shields.io/badge/Zustand-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=zustand&logoColor=white) ![Gemini AI](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gemini_AI-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google&logoColor=white) ![Google APIs](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google_APIs-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google&logoColor=white) ![node-cron](https://img.shields.io/badge/node_cron-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![web-push](https://img.shields.io/badge/web_push-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=web-push&logoColor=white)

---

### 📊 GitHub Stats:

![Pratyush's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=TechBhaskar05&show_icons=true&theme=radical)
[![GitHub Streak](https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=TechBhaskar05&theme=gotham)](https://git.io/streak-stats)
<img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=TechBhaskar05&theme=juicyfresh&no-bg=true" />

---

### 🌐 Let's Connect:

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/pratyush-bhaskar-1b745531a/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/TechBhaskar05"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://codeforces.com/profile/pratyush.bhaskar08"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Codeforces-1F8ACB?style=for-the-badge&logo=codeforces&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="mailto:pratyush.bhaskar08@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" /></a>
</p>

---

Commit message:

Revise project and skill descriptions in README
Updated current projects and skills in README.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Pratyush Bhaskar</h1>
<h3 align="center">B.Tech CSE | Full-Stack Developer | Machine Learning Enthusiast</h3>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=TechBhaskar05&color=green" alt="pratyush-bhaskar" />
</p>

- 🔭 Working on expanding my skills in full-stack development and AI, building innovative web applications along the way.
- 🌱 Exploring **Machine Learning** and **AI Integration**
- ⚡ Fun fact: I enjoy **problem-solving**, **AI-driven development**, and **clean code architecture**
- 📫 Reach me at: **pratyush.bhaskar08@gmail.com**

---

### 📌 Achievements:

- 🔹 Codeforces: **Rating 950**  
- 🔹 Top 10 at **DevJam 2025** with **Assignify** – a task management platform for students  

---

<h3 align="left">🛠️ Programming Languages:</h3>
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-3178C6?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-007396?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/C++-00599C?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white"/>
</p>

<h3 align="left">🔧 Frameworks & Libraries:</h3>
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=black"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/TailwindCSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/DaisyUI-FF69B4?style=for-the-badge&logo=daisyui&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/shadcn/ui-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=radix-ui&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Framer_Motion-0055FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=framer&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Zustand-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=zustand&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Socket.io-010101?style=for-the-badge&logo=socket.io&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Cloudinary-3448C5?style=for-the-badge&logo=cloudinary&logoColor=white"/>
</p>

<h3 align="left">🧰 Tools:</h3>
<p align="left">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/VSCode-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=visual-studio-code&logoColor=white"/>
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Postman-FF6C37?style=for-the-badge&logo=postman&logoColor=white"/>
</p>

---

### 💻 Projects:

#### 🌊 **Assignify** – Task Management Platform (DevJam 2025)
A platform to help students manage assignments, deadlines, and collaboration.

**Features:**
- Task management, file uploads, and interactive calendar
- JWT authentication, real-time chat via Socket.io, and collaboration tools
- Styled with TailwindCSS, DaisyUI, and Framer Motion

**Tech Stack:**  
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=black) ![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-06B6D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=white) ![DaisyUI](https://img.shields.io/badge/DaisyUI-FF69B4?style=for-the-badge&logo=daisyui&logoColor=white) ![Framer Motion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framer_Motion-0055FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=framer&logoColor=white)

---

#### 🔗 **NexChat** – Real-Time Chat Application
A secure one-on-one messaging app with authentication, online status, and theme support.

**Features:**
- JWT authentication, bcrypt-based password hashing, and protected routes
- Integrated Socket.io for instant messaging with online-status tracking
- Responsive UI with React, TailwindCSS, DaisyUI, and theme support

**Tech Stack:**  
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=black) ![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![Socket.io](https://img.shields.io/badge/Socket.io-010101?style=for-the-badge&logo=socket.io&logoColor=white) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-06B6D4?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwindcss&logoColor=white) ![DaisyUI](https://img.shields.io/badge/DaisyUI-FF69B4?style=for-the-badge&logo=daisyui&logoColor=white)

---

#### 🧪 **Alchemist’s Grand Grimoire** – Wellness & Medication Management Platform
A secure, intelligent wellness app that ensures medication adherence with smart reminders and AI-driven health tracking.

**Features:**
- Dynamic scheduling, medication tracking, and flexible reminder notifications via Browser Push and Email
- Integrated secure 2FA authentication with Email OTP, JWT, and robust account deletion flow
- Built AI Chatbot Health Assistant using Gemini AI for contextual dose and schedule queries
- Implemented Google Calendar sync, adherence visualization dashboard, and timezone-accurate scheduling

**Tech Stack:**  
![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=black) ![Node.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Node.js-339933?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![Express.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Express.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=express&logoColor=white) ![MongoDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/MongoDB-47A248?style=for-the-badge&logo=mongodb&logoColor=white) ![Zustand](https://img.shields.io/badge/Zustand-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=zustand&logoColor=white) ![Gemini AI](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gemini_AI-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google&logoColor=white) ![Google APIs](https://img.shields.io/badge/Google_APIs-4285F4?style=for-the-badge&logo=google&logoColor=white) ![node-cron](https://img.shields.io/badge/node_cron-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![web-push](https://img.shields.io/badge/web_push-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=web-push&logoColor=white)

---

### 📊 GitHub Stats:

![Pratyush's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=TechBhaskar05&show_icons=true&theme=radical)
[![GitHub Streak](https://streak-stats.demolab.com?user=TechBhaskar05&theme=gotham)](https://git.io/streak-stats)
<img src="https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=TechBhaskar05&theme=juicyfresh&no-bg=true" />

---

### 🌐 Let's Connect:

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/pratyush-bhaskar-1b745531a/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-0077B5?style=for-the-badge&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://github.com/TechBhaskar05"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="https://codeforces.com/profile/pratyush.bhaskar08"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Codeforces-1F8ACB?style=for-the-badge&logo=codeforces&logoColor=white" /></a>
  <a href="mailto:pratyush.bhaskar08@gmail.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Email-D14836?style=for-the-badge&logo=gmail&logoColor=white" /></a>
</p>

---
